COFFEE.
THANK YOU.
CAPPUCCINO.
GRAZIE.
AND A NICE HOT CIDER
FOR MONICA.
AW, THANK YOU.
RACH?
YEAH?
WHY DOES MY CINNAMON STICK
HAVE AN ERASER?
OH...
OH... THAT'S WHY.
I'M SORRY.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
( clacking keys )
CHANDLER...
MISS TEDLOCK
YOU'RE LOOKING
LOVELY TODAY.
AND MAY I SAY THAT IS
A VERY FLATTERING
SLEEVE LENGTH ON YOU.
YES. WELL...
MR. KOSTELIC WOULD LIKE YOU
TO STOP BY HIS OFFICE
AT THE END OF THE DAY.
OH, LISTEN, IF THIS IS ABOUT
THOSE PRANK MEMOS
I HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THEM--
REALLY, NOTHING AT ALL.
REALLY, NOTHING.
HEY, YOU GUYS--
CHANDLER'S COMING,
AND HE SAYS HE HAS
INCREDIBLE NEWS.
SO WHEN HE COMES,
LET'S ALL ACT LIKE...
HEY.
NEVER MIND.
BUT IT WAS GOING TO BE
REALLY GOOD.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S UP?
IT'S A TYPICAL
DAY AT WORK.
BIG AL CALLS ME INTO HIS OFFICE
AND SAYS HE WANTS TO MAKE ME
PROCESSING SUPERVISOR.
THAT IS GREAT!
CONGRATULATIONS.
SO... I QUIT.
WHY?
THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
A TEMP JOB.
CHANDLER, YOU'VE BEEN THERE
FOR FIVE YEARS.
BUT IF I TOOK THIS PROMOTION
IT'D BE LIKE ADMITTING
THAT THIS IS WHAT I ACTUALLY DO.
IS IT A LOT
MORE MONEY?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
I JUST DON'T WANT TO BE
ONE OF THOSE GUYS
THAT'S IN HIS OFFICE
UNTIL 12:00 AT NIGHT
WORRYING ABOUT THE WEENUS.
THE... THE WEENUS?
"WEEKLY ESTIMATED
NET USAGE SYSTEMS."
IT'S A PROCESSING TERM.
OH... THAT WEENUS.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO,
I JUST KNOW I WON'T
FIGURE IT OUT WORKING THERE.
OH! I HAVE SOMETHING
YOU CAN DO.
I HAVE THIS NEW
MASSAGE CLIENT-- STEVE.
ANYWAY, HE'S OPENING UP
A RESTAURANT
AND HE'S LOOKING
FOR A HEAD CHEF.
UM... HI, THERE.
HI.
OH, YEAH, I KNOW,
YOU'RE A CHEF.
AND I THOUGHT
OF YOU FIRST.
BUT CHANDLER'S THE ONE
WHO NEEDS A JOB RIGHT NOW, SO...
I JUST DON'T HAVE
A LOT OF CHEFFING EXPERIENCE.
UNLESS IT'S
AN ALL-TOAST RESTAURANT.
YEAH, YEAH.
WHAT KIND OF FOOD
IS HE LOOKING FOR?
HE WANTS TO DO
SOMETHING ECLECTIC.
SO HE'S LOOKING
FOR SOMEONE
WHO CAN CREATE
THE ENTIRE MENU.
OH, MY GOD!
YEAH, I KNOW.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THANKS, PHEEB.
I JUST DON'T REALLY SEE MYSELF
IN A BIG WHITE HAT.
OKAY.
OH, MONICA,
GUESS WHAT!
CAN YOU SEE MY NIPPLES
THROUGH THIS SHIRT?
N-NO.
BUT DON'T WORRY--
I'M SURE THEY'RE STILL THERE.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING
MR. SUITY-MAN?
WELL, I HAVE AN APPOINTMENT
TO SEE DR. ROBERT PILLMAN--
CAREER COUNSELOR A-GO-GO.
I ADDED THE "A-GO-GO."
CAREER COUNSELOR?
HEY, YOU GUYS ALL KNOW
WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
I DON'T.
HEY, YOU GUYS
IN THE LIVING ROOM ALL KNOW
WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
YOU HAVE GOALS,
YOU HAVE DREAMS.
I DON'T HAVE A DREAM.
AH, THE LESSER-KNOWN
"I DON'T HAVE A DREAM" SPEECH.
OH, I LOVE MY LIFE!
I LOVE MY LIFE!
"BRIAN'S SONG"!
THE MEETING WITH
THAT GUY WENT GREAT?
IT WAS SO GREAT.
HE SHOWED ME WHERE
THE RESTAURANT'S GOING TO BE.
IT'S NOT TOO BIG,
IT'S NOT TOO SMALL.
IT'S JUST RIGHT.
WAS IT FORMERLY OWNED BY
A BLONDE WOMAN AND SOME BEARS?
I'M COOKING DINNER
FOR HIM MONDAY NIGHT.
KIND OF LIKE AN AUDITION.
PHOEBE, HE REALLY
WANTS YOU TO BE HERE.
WHICH IS GREAT,
'CAUSE THEN
YOU CAN MAKE YUMMY NOISES.
WHAT ARE YOU MAKING?
YUMMY NOISES.
AND, MONICA, WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO MAKE?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST GOT TO BE SO GREAT.
OH! I KNOW
WHAT YOU COULD MAKE.
YOU SHOULD MAKE THAT THING
WITH THE STUFF.
YOU KNOW THAT... THING.
OKAY, I DON'T KNOW.
HEY GUYS,
DOES ANYONE KNOW
A GOOD DATE PLACE
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD?
UH... HOW ABOUT TONY'S?
IF YOU CAN FINISH
A 32-OUNCE STEAK, IT'S FREE.
OKAY.
HEY, DOES ANYONE KNOW
A GOOD PLACE
IF YOU'RE NOT DATING A PUMA?
WHO ARE YOU GOING OUT WITH?
OH! IS THIS
THE BUG LADY?
( buzzing )
"I LOVE YOU, ROSS."
HER NAME IS CELIA.
SHE'S NOT A BUG LADY.
SHE'S CURATOR OF INSECTS
AT THE MUSEUM.
SO WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
GOING TO DO?
WE'D GO OUT TO DINNER
AND THEN MAYBE BRING HER BACK
TO MY PLACE
AND I'D INTRODUCE HER
TO MY MONKEY.
AND HE'S NOT SPEAKING
METAPHORICALLY.
SOOO...
BACK TO YOUR PLACE.
YOU'RE THINKIN' MAYBE...
HEH-HEH?
( clears throat )
WELL, I DON'T KNOW,
HEH-HEH.
I'M HOPING, HEH-HEH.
I'M TELLING YOU--
THAT MONKEY IS A CHICK MAGNET.
SHE'S GOING TO TAKE ONE LOOK
AT HIS FURRY CUTE LITTLE FACE
AND IT'LL SEAL
THE DEAL.
( screaming )
SOOTHING TONES, CELIA.
( screaming louder )
'NANA...
I CAN'T STAND THIS.
HE'S GOT HIS CLAWS
ON MY...
YEAH.
OKAY. TRY THIS
SALMON MOUSSE.
MMM. GOOD.
YEAH? IS IT BETTER
THAN THE OTHER SALMON MOUSSE?
IT'S CREAMIER.
YEAH. WELL,
IS THAT BETTER?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT WHIPPED FISH.
I'M JUST HAPPY
I'M KEEPING IT DOWN.
OH, MY GOD!
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
EIGHT AND A HALF HOURS
OF APTITUDE TESTS
INTELLIGENCE TESTS,
PERSONALITY TESTS,
AND WHAT DO I LEARN?
"YOU ARE IDEALLY SUITED
FOR A CAREER IN DATA PROCESSING
FOR A LARGE
MULTINATIONAL COOPERATION."
THAT'S SO GREAT
'CAUSE YOU ALREADY
KNOW HOW TO DO THAT.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
DON'T I SEEM LIKE SOMEBODY
WHO SHOULD BE DOING SOMETHING
REALLY COOL?
I JUST ALWAYS PICTURED MYSELF
DOING SOMETHING...
SOMETHING.
OH, CHANDLER, I KNOW.
I KNOW.
OH, HEY!
YOU CAN SEE YOUR NIPPLES
THROUGH THIS SHIRT.
HERE YOU GO.
MAYBE THIS
WILL CHEER YOU UP.
I HAD A GRAPE
ABOUT FIVE HOURS AGO.
SO I BETTER SPLIT
THIS WITH YOU.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
THAT SMALL.
IT'S A PRE-APPETIZER.
THE FRENCH CALL IT
AN AMUSE BOUCHE.
WELL, IT IS "AMOOZING."
( phone rings )
HELLO?
OH, HI, WENDY.
YEAH, 8:00.
WHAT DID WE SAY,
TEN DOLLARS AN HOUR?
OKAY, GREAT.
I'LL SEE YOU THEN. BYE.
TEN DOLLARS AN HOUR FOR WHAT?
I ASKED A WAITRESS AT WORK
TO HELP ME OUT.
WAITRESSING?
UH-OH.
WELL, OF COURSE
I THOUGHT OF YOU.
BUT... BUT...
BUT-BUT?
BUT, YOU SEE
THIS NIGHT HAS TO GO
JUST PERFECT, YOU KNOW.
WELL, WENDY'S MORE OF A...
PROFESSIONAL WAITRESS.
OH. I SEE.
AND I'VE SORT OF BEEN
MAINTAINING MY AMATEUR STATUS
SO THAT I CAN WAITRESS
IN THE OLYMPICS.
YOU KNOW,
I DON'T MEAN TO BRAG
BUT I WAITED TABLES
AT INNSBRUCK IN '76.
AMUSE BOUCHE?
( moans )
TALK TO ME.
OKAY, UH...
A WEIRD THING
HAPPENED TO ME
ON THE TRAIN
THIS MORNING.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
TALK DIRTY.
WELL... HERE?
AH...
SAY SOMETHING... HOT.
UH...
UM...
WHAT?
WH...
( snarls )
UM...
WHAT?
VULVA.
"VULVA?"
ALL RIGHT.
I PANICKED.
ALL RIGHT?
SHE... SHE TOOK ME
BY SURPRISE.
BUT IT WASN'T A TOTAL LOSS.
I MEAN, UH, WE
ENDED UP CUDDLING.
WHOA, YOU CUDDLED?
HOW MANY TIMES?
SHUT UP. IT WAS NICE.
I DIDN'T... I
JUST DON'T THINK
I'M THE DIRTY-TALKING
KIND OF GUY, YOU KNOW?
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
YOU JUST SAY WHAT YOU
WANT TO DO TO HER
AND WHAT YOU WANT
HER TO DO TO YOU
AND WHAT YOU THINK
OTHER PEOPLE MIGHT
BE DOING TO
EACH OTHER.
LOOK. I TELL YOU WHAT.
TRY SOMETHING ON ME.
PLEASE BE KIDDING.
WHY NOT? COME ON.
JUST... JUST
CLOSE YOUR EYES
AND TELL ME
WHAT YOU'D LIKE
TO BE DOING RIGHT NOW.
OKAY. I'M, UH...
I'M IN MY APARTMENT...
YEAH... WHAT ELSE?
THAT'S IT. I'M IN MY APARTMENT.
YOU'RE NOT THERE.
WE'RE NOT HAVING
THIS CONVERSATION.
I'LL START, OKAY?
JOEY, PLEASE.
COME ON. COME ON.
READY? LOOK.
OH, ROSS...
YOU GET ME SO HOT.
I WANT YOUR LIPS
ON ME NOW.
HUH?
HMM.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW YOU SAY SOMETHING.
I, UH, I REALLY
DON'T THINK SO.
YOU LIKE THIS
WOMAN, RIGHT?
WELL, YEAH.
YOU WANT TO SEE
HER AGAIN, RIGHT?
SURE.
IF YOU CAN'T TALK
DIRTY TO ME
HOW YOU GOING TO
TALK DIRTY TO HER?
NOW, TELL ME YOU WANT
TO CARESS MY BUTT.
OKAY. TURN AROUND.
I JUST DON'T WANT YOU STARING
AT ME WHEN I'M DOING THIS.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M NOT LOOKING.
OKAY. OKAY.
( clearing throat )
I WANT...
OKAY, I WANT TO...
FEEL YOUR...
HOT, SOFT SKIN
WITH MY LIPS.
THERE YOU GO.
KEEP GOING.
I, UH...
I WANT TO TAKE
MY TONGUE, AND...
AND, AND...
SAY IT.
SAY IT!
RUN IT ALL OVER YOUR BODY
UNTIL YOU'RE...
...TREMBLING WITH...
WITH...
WITH..?
FUNNY STORY.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO BELIEVE THIS.
IT'S OKAY.
I WAS ROOTING FOR YOU TWO KIDS
TO GET TOGETHER.
WHILE YOU
WERE SLEEPING
THAT GUY FROM YOUR
OLD JOB CALLED AGAIN.
AGAIN?
AND AGAIN AND AGAIN
AND AGAIN.
( phone ringing )
HELLO.
AND AGAIN.
HI, MR. KOSTELIC.
HOW'S LIFE ON THE 15th FLOOR?
YEAH. I MISS YOU TOO.
IT'S A LOT LESS SATISFYING
TO STEAL PENS
FROM YOUR OWN HOME, YOU KNOW?
WELL, THAT'S VERY GENEROUS.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT THE MONEY.
I NEED SOMETHING MORE
THAN A JOB, SOMETHING...
AND THAT'S ON TOP OF THE
YEAR-END BONUS STRUCTURE?
DREAM.
LOOK, AL. AL...
I'M NOT PLAYING
HARDBALL HERE.
THIS IS NOT A NEGOTIATION.
THIS IS A REJECTION.
NO... NO. STOP SAYING...
STOP SAYING NUMBERS.
I'M TELLING YOU.
YOU'VE GOT THE WRONG GUY.
YOU'VE GOT THE WRONG GUY!
I'LL SEE YOU MONDAY!
NYAH.
HUH?
OH, WOW!
IT'S HUGE!
THIS IS SO MUCH BIGGER
THAN THE CUBICLE.
THIS IS A CUBE.
LOOK AT THIS.
( gasping )
YOU HAVE A WINDOW!
YES, INDEEDY.
WITH A BEAUTIFUL
VIEW OF...
OH, LOOK. THAT GUY'S PEEING.
OKAY. THAT'S ENOUGH
OF THE VIEW.
CHECK THIS OUT.
LOOK AT THIS.
OKAY. SIT DOWN HERE.
OKAY.
THIS IS GREAT.
NOW?
HELEN, COULD YOU COME
IN HERE FOR A MOMENT?
THANK YOU, HELEN.
THAT'LL BE ALL.
LAST TIME I DO THAT, I PROMISE.
WENDY, WE HAD A DEAL.
YEAH. YOU PROMISED.
WENDY... WENDY...
WENDY!
( groans )
WHO WAS THAT?
WENDY BAILED.
I... I HAVE NO WAITRESS.
OH, THAT'S TOO BAD.
BYE-BYE.
TEN DOLLARS AN HOUR.
NO.
$12 AN HOUR.
MON, I WISH I COULD,
BUT I'VE MADE PLANS
TO WALK AROUND.
WHEN YOU RAN OUT
ON YOUR WEDDING
I WAS THERE FOR YOU.
I PUT A ROOF OVER YOUR HEAD
AND IF THAT MEANS
NOTHING TO YOU...
...$20 AN HOUR.
DONE.
WELL, HELLO.
WELCOME TO MONICA'S.
MAY I TAKE YOUR COAT?
HI, STEVE.
HELLO, MONICA.
HELLO, GREETER-GIRL.
THIS IS RACHEL.
YEAH. OKAY.
MMM. MMM...
EVERYTHING SMELLS
SO DELICIOUS.
I CAN'T REMEMBER A TIME
I SMELLED SUCH A DELICIOUS
COMBINATION
OF, OF...
OKAY. SMELLS.
WELL, IT'S A LOVELY APARTMENT.
OH, THANK YOU.
WOULD YOU LIKE A TOUR?
I WAS JUST BEING POLITE,
BUT ALL RIGHT.
WHAT..?
WHAT'S UP?
I... IN THE CAB,
ON THE WAY OVER
STEVE BLAZED UP A DOOBIE.
WHAT?!
HE SMOKED A JOINT.
YOU KNOW, LIT A BONE--
WEED, HEMP, GANJA...
OKAY, OKAY.
OKAY,
I'M WITH YOU, CHEECH.
OKAY.
IS IT DRY IN HERE?
LET ME... LET ME
GET YOU SOME WINE.
I THINK WE'RE READY
FOR OUR FIRST COURSE.
OKAY, UM,
THESE ARE ROCK SHRIMP RAVIOLI
AND CILANTRO PONZU SAUCE
WITH JUST A TOUCH
OF MINCED...
GINGER.
WELL, SMACK MY ASS
AND CALL ME JUDY.
THESE ARE FANTASTIC.
OH, GOSH, I'M SO GLAD
YOU LIKE THEM.
LIKE THEM?
I COULD EAT 100 OF THEM.
OH. WELL, THAT'S
ALL THERE IS OF THESE
BUT IN ABOUT EIGHT
AND A HALF MINUTES
WE'LL BE SERVING SOME
DELICIOUS ONION TARTLETS.
TARTLETS?
MM, UH-HUH.
THE WORD HAS LOST ALL MEANING.
EXCUSE ME.
CAN I HELP YOU
WITH ANYTHING?
YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR.
( sucking )
OH, COOL! TACO SHELLS!
THESE ARE LIKE A LITTLE
CORN ENVELOPE, YOU KNOW?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU DON'T WANT TO SPOIL
YOUR APPETITE.
HEY, SUGAR Os!
YOU KNOW, IF YOU
JUST WAIT ANOTHER
SIX AND A HALF MINUTES...
OH! MACARONI AND CHEESE!
WE GOT TO MAKE THIS.
NO. WE DON'T.
WE... OH, OKAY.
HEY... OOP! SORRY.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
HAVE A SEAT HERE.
OKAY...
OKAY.
GIVE ME THE GUMMI BEARS.
I... NO.
GIVE THEM TO ME.
I WILL SHARE.
NO. GIVE ME THE BEARS.
THEN YOU CAN'T HAVE ANY.
GIVE THEM TO ME.
OH! OH!
BEARS OVERBOARD!
THEY'RE DROWNING.
HEY, FELLOWS!
GRAB ON TO A SUGAR O.
SAVE YOURSELVES.
( imitating Gummi Bears ):
HELP! HELP! WE'RE DROWNING!
HELP! HELP!
THAT'S IT!
DINNER IS OVER.
WHAT?
"WHAT?"
WHY?
"WHY?"
I'VE WAITED SEVEN YEARS FOR THIS
AND YOU CAN'T WAIT
FOUR AND A HALF MINUTES
FOR A STUPID ONION TARTLET?
( timer rings )
HEY!
WHAT A TOOL.
YOU DON'T WANT TO WORK
FOR A GUY LIKE THAT.
I KNOW. I JUST THOUGHT THAT
THIS WAS, YOU KNOW, IT.
YOU'LL GET THERE.
YOU'RE AN AMAZING CHEF.
YEAH. YOU KNOW ALL
THOSE YUMMY NOISES?
I WASN'T FAKING.
( clearing throat )
SO, UH, HOW DID IT
GO WITH CELIA?
OH, UH, I WAS UNBELIEVABLE.
ALL RIGHT, ROSS!
I WAS THE JAMES MICHENER
OF DIRTY TALK.
IT WAS THE MOST ELABORATE FILTH
YOU HAVE EVER HEARD.
I MEAN, THERE WERE
CHARACTERS, PLOT LINES
THEMES, A MOTIF...
AT ONE POINT
THERE WERE VILLAGERS.
OH, HO-HO,
AND, UH, HUH..?
BY THE TIME WE FINISHED
WITH ALL THE DIRTY TALK
IT WAS KIND OF LATE AND WE
WERE BOTH EXHAUSTED, SO, UM...
YOU CUDDLED.
WHICH WAS NICE.
YOU GUYS WANT TO TRY
TO CATCH A LATE MOVIE
OR SOMETHING?
SHOULDN'T WE
WAIT FOR CHANDLER?
WHOA. WHERE THE
HELL IS HE?
YES, FRAN,
I KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS
BUT I'M LOOKING AT THE WEENUS,
AND I'M NOT HAPPY.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
YOU WILL CARE ABOUT IT
BECAUSE I CARE ABOUT IT.
YOU GOT IT? GOOD!
WHOA...
HOW'S THIS?
( yells )
SORRY.
HOW 'BOUT OVER HERE?
( groans )
SEE? THAT MEANS IT'S WORKING.
DOES THIS HURT?
NO.
HOW 'BOUT THIS?
( screaming )
THERE YOU GO.
( grunting )
AH, OOH, AH...
OH, I'M GOING TO THROW UP.